Hello everyone today I was thinking
do a video review for some of
board games
but when I opened the closet I started to choose not
I could decide which of them
make a review so i will show you that
we are at home
if you want to see us review
some of these games in the comments under
video write tiger which you
interested in them and I will do a review
so we have this we have games
economic plan ie manager
financier millionaire and monopoly i'm honest
saying don't know maybe some of
of these games now and not sold here
therefore , in general, the question arises
do I need this review further here here
us this quiz
one is called the gold collection
quiz quiz ring of knowledge and
zibrov well in my opinion zebra by the way
The most interesting here is not so necessary
separate jenga boom
is it that with the bomb further what we have
games life is so lost cities this
game for two
Carcassonne lost cities and Carcassonne
from 8 years old so written on the boxes
citadels and boys from 10 no citadels
so far we have not played so therefore review
I cant make a fart but if
Interestingly I will do this later
Here is a more children's game
from 7 years
robots called by their own
cartoon
so well dixit and maze for these games
review done here with us or with activity
two versions of this game for large
Companies preferably such a game too
she is
more childish and hey this is my fish and such
here's another game
black sheep too from 8 years
Here is such an assortment of games at home
is some very childish games at
we are no longer kept my distributed here
periodically there are new games so
what if some game interested
write in the comments will review under
video leave a list of all these games to
it was easier for you to choose yet